Entire knowledge of the world is a complex entity to manage. What if we the PRIME are managing it together?
Shared Second Brain is still in its conceptual stage.
A knowledge management system that's shared across the PRIME tiers.

You need to understand the extent to which our mind is dependent on external scaffolding -  How to take smart notes

To understand Shared Second Brain, we need to understand  zettelkasten system, pareto concentric circle method and Eat the Cream first Principles.

Everyone is having thoughts, consuming information, a select few even organizing the information. What if all of this process is leveraged through a shared zettelkasten system. 

For those unfamiliar with the zettelkasten or the alternative second brain system, the core idea is you capture the information you feel is valuable and then contextualize it in the form of organizing tags or folders such that the information is available at the right context.

Linking 2 youtube videos to understand this better.

https://youtu.be/T6Mfl1OywM8?si=4_lmepQ8TjKOQRtn
https://youtu.be/rOSZOCoqOo8?si=9VuPNunNKvo-4GNN



$added

The zettelkasten was designed for a solo use. But using the pareto concentric circle method  and Eat the cream first principles it could be tailored to shared use. 

The information principles are based on the Pareto Concentric Circles Systems as below.

The image below denotes the working of Pareto Concentric Circles. The innermost circle is the cream of the idea, person or event. In short form content it will give you the most sophisticated insights fast. These could be curated by AI or Human Curated for better results.

After going through the innermost circle, you can take the paths in the outer layers.